♪ I had a dream ♪
♪ She took my hand ♪
♪ Led me to a wonderland ♪
Help!
♪ She turned to me ♪
♪ Could you believe ♪
♪ Love was all that we had ♪
♪ Hmmm...
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I'm
so excited you're coming.
Listen. for putting up
with my family again.
I want to fly you out business.
Get the British Airways flight.
No. no. I'll just go economy.
Too late! I've already
put 800 in your account.
Daniel. that is very
generous. thank you.
Get booking. And pack
your tiniest bikini.
-I love you.
-Love you. bye.
I want to go on holiday!
Could I come?
I'm barely welcome as it is.
Look. I know you don't
want my advice...
What. just be myself?
Good God. no. that's a
terrible idea.
No. what I was
going to say is...
Just go and have fun. hm?
I hate all my clothes.
-Where are you going?
-Shopping!
MOVE
SO I CAN SIT DOWN.
Shit. Sorry.
THIS
THIS IS THE ONE.
YES
I HOPE HE'S WORTH IT
HE IS.
HE'S WONDERFUL
Hey! Sorry. excuse me.
-You look like a fucking movie star.
-Shut up.
Come on. let's get out of here
before the paparazzi arrives.
You OK? Are you nervous?
-Yeah. I'm shitting myself.
-Don't be.
It's going to be fine.
We're going to have so much fun.
No. I know. I know. Thank you.
I'm so happy you're here!
I can't wait to
show you everything.
We'll do trips to the beach.
wander around the Old Town.
There's this massive gorge
where we can go rock climbing...
No? Or we can do...
-a leisurely wine bar crawl. instead?
-Yeah! Sí!
OK.
There's also this amazing
chef who comes to the house
and cooks the most insane food.
Fucking hell!
Aaah!
I just want to say again
how much I enjoyed your exhibition.
I really thought
it was brilliant.
Hm. Well. you seem
to be the only one.
I don't know if you've
read the reviews. but...
No. I haven't.
People didn't quite
connect with the work.
I'm so sorry. that
really surprises me.
Yeah. no. it happens.
Your gallery is iconic though.
everyone's heard of it.
Do you think you'll do
another show there soon?
We're going to take our
time for the next one.
There's no rush. right. Laura?
You know what? I'm
glad you're here.
I'm really looking forward
to getting to know you.
Oh hey. Cherry. I wanted to
show you the growing room.
Oh.
-Thank you for doing this.
-You didn't really give me the choice.
-Ah! Hola!
-There you are!
What took you so long?
Oh. you know Mum. she
had to go shopping.
Hey. Dan!
-Hey. Cherry.
-Hi.
Thank
God you're here.
WHERE IS CARLOTA?
-WHERE IS MY MIMOSA?
-HERE!
Here it is!
-Oh. much as gracias!
-You're very welcome.
You didn't tell me
they were coming.
I thought I did.
They come every year.
Cherry. darling. we worked out
that you were on the same
flight as Brigitte and me!
-No way!
-Yeah. You flew business too. right?
Wait. that's
weird we didn't see you.
Oh. sí. same room.
Gracias. chica.
Wait. you still share the same
room when you're here? You weirdos!
Ugh. I don't have any
choice in the matter. do I?
-She's so codependent.
-I don't like to sleep alone.
Why do you think I settle
for so many mediocre men?
Do you remember back in the day
when Brigitte used to corridor
creep into Daniel's room?
I know. she thought
she got away with it!
Sorry. Cherry. Sloppy seconds.
There was a considerable lack
of options back then. so.
Oh! You got lucky!
It was all downhill
for you from there.
Right!
Who fancies a game of tennis?
-Yeah. let's go.
-It's on!
Oh. I forgot my hair-tie.
You go ahead. I'll
go and grab it.
Oh no. I can just...
tuck it in...
No... Daniel. fuck off. Go.
Sorry. I got really lost.
Which way is it to
the tennis courts?
Gracias.
God...
you're going to do
yourself a mischief.
When did you grow chest hair?
I feel like you did not
have that last summer.
-Definitely didn't have that...
-I could ask you the same question.
Right. Cherry. it's me and
you versus Mum and Brigitte.
Go easy on me. I've
barely ever played before.
Wasn't tennis mandatory
at St Florian's. darling?
Come on Brig!
Mandatory tennis?
-I swear it is.
-Really?
Warm up?
Ooh! Almost!
Brig?
-Fuck.
-Oh!
You actually
almost hit that one.
Stand a little further
forward. it'll be easier.
OK. this is painful. Why
don't we play a game?
Yeah?
Woah!
Mine. mine. mine!
Hoo hoo hoo!
You fucker! I'm coming for you.
I'm wide open.
Bring it on. baby.
Oh!
You are an absolute
demon. Brigitte.
-That's why I always have her on my team.
-Can you stop arse-licking?
Turn and face. mother.
Oh my God!
Brigitte are you OK?
-Sweetheart!
-Oh my God. I'm so sorry. Brigitte!
THAT DIDN'T LOOK LIKE AN
ACCIDENT... NO. NO IT DID NOT
Catch your breath.
I DON'T TRUST THIS ONE.
AND YOU KNOW MY
GUT IS NEVER WRONG.
-Are you OK?
-Yeah. yeah. yeah. I'm fine.
I'm so sorry. It was
a really bad shot.
-That was an accident. Daniel.
-Obviously. it was an accident.
She'll be fine. she's
just a bit winded.
What is going on with you?
Why didn't you tell me
about you and Brigitte?
I don't know... You never asked.
We've never had
that conversation.
Daniel... come on. that was
incredibly embarrassing.
finding out like that
in front of everyone.
Sorry. I didn't even
think about it. It was...
It was so long ago.
Honestly. she's like the closest
thing I have to a sister.
Well that's fucking weird.
And you were really annoying
out there on the tennis court.
I know.
I'm sorry.
I can get a bit...
competitive.
Yeah. well. it
was a massive ick.
Yeah?
Well maybe I find your lack of
hand-eye co-ordination a massive ick.
No! Stop. stop!
Ow. the nipples!
Can we just get out
of here for a bit?
Well. that depends...
Can you ride a bike?
Yes I can ride a bike.
you fucking prick.
OK. sorry. I wasn't sure if you had
some sort of condition or something.
I'll go get us some beers.
In your face!
Get that arse away!
OK. just up there.
Sorry if I
was weird earlier.
-I'm just worried that I'm not...
-Not what?
That I don't fit in. you know?
That I'm not good enough.
That I don't know
how to play tennis.
Or ride a horse. Or ski.
Who cares?
Listen. I love you for you.
You don't have to pretend
to be anyone else.
OK?
Look. I don't want there to be
any secrets between us. so...
I made a list of
all my previous...
conquests?
If you like. we
can go through it.
or we can leave it and...
No. this is great. No. no. no.
We'll do you first
and then we'll do me.
Great. can't wait.
OK. so. Brigitte...
Brigitte was your first?
Your virginity. fuck's sake!
OK. um...
Second was Fenella.
-Fenella?
-Fuck you.
-Fenella.
Wait. who was Mrs Thomas?
My... clarinet teacher.
You played the clarinet?
That is hardly the most
interesting part of that story.
Oh my God.
If you're going to laugh. then
I'll have to take it away from you.
No. no. no. please.
I'll be good!
We should probably head back.
They'll be wondering where we are.
Just a bit longer?
This is so nice.
Stop showing off!
Woah!
Cherry. watch this!
You numpty!
That is so mean!
-There you are!
-Where have you been?!
I've been calling you for hours.
-We've been so worried.
-Sorry. my... my phone died.
We were at the
waterfall and we just...
we just lost track of time.
-What? Why is that so...
-Daniel!
I told you Alphonse
was coming tonight.
He cooked all your favourites and
you both missed the whole thing.
Shit. I totally forgot
that was tonight.
It's just really rude. you guys.
Sorry. Mum. Sorry.
that's totally my bad.
Brigitte. how are you?
-I'm so sorry again.
-Oh. no. I'm absolutely fine.
Oh my God. Let me
see that. that's terrible.
-What happened?
-I just had a little fall on the bike.
I'm fine.
-Daniel!
-Mum. Mum!
Mum. mum! Honestly.
I'm good. I'm fine.
It could
get infected. honey.
Foot massage?
What do I get?
-Words of affirmation?
-No. thanks.
-Shag?
Three finger frig?
Please!
-Yay!
-Fuck's sake.
Ah! Careful.
Oooh. I'm sorry.
is that your boo-boo
from yesterday?
-Did Mummy not kiss it better?
-All right. fuck off.
Come on. admit it.
it was a bit...
It was a bit creepy.
I wouldn't call it "creepy".
She just likes taking
care of people.
Most would say that's
a positive quality.
I'm gonna. I'm
gonna go for a run.
Daniel...
Oh. hey.
Come in.
Wow.
It's such a beautiful room.
I hate it. I'd take
everything out if I could.
Daniel never talks about her.
Yeah. well. it's hard to grieve
for someone you've never met.
Which is a good thing.
there's enough grief
in this house as it is.
You always seem to be
holding it together so well.
How are you. really?
Nobody's asked me that
in such a long time.
I suppose. as the man...
it's strange because I've been
made to feel a bit like...
Like your pain is less
than the mother's?
Yeah.
That's exactly right.
That must be so difficult.
She looks the most like you.
That's what I always thought.
Come and have breakfast with me.
You know. Cherry.
I've been thinking.
I want to put you in touch
with my business partner. Max.
Big property guy.
He wants to move into
affordable housing.
and I think he could really use
someone like you on his team.
Actually. I might have
his card on me. Oh. yeah.
-Are you joking?
-Give him a call.
That is so kind of
you. Thank you so much.
Oh. don't be silly. you're
part of the family now.
You know. I don't think I've
ever seen Daniel so happy.
Why are the doors
to Rose's room open?
Oh. Cherry and I
were just in there.
You know I don't like
anybody going in there.
Well. surely I'm allowed in.
Do you know where Daniel is?
No. I mean. he's gone
for a run. but...
When he gets back. will you tell
him I need to speak with him?
Yeah.
-Hey. where are you?
-I'm in our room.
Come out to the balcony.
Fuck me. you are so hot.
Come here.
No.
No. you come here.
Jesus!
Mum! What
are you doing?
What the fuck!
-I am so sorry.
-Horrific!
Thank you for that. you
corrupting little siren.
Anyway. under the
rug with that memory.
You're all wet.
Can we spend the rest
of the morning just us?
Actually... we're all going
on a yacht for the day.
A yacht?
Oh. I'm terribly sorry I'm
dragging you on a ghastly yacht.
how ever will you manage?
-You OK?
-No. it's just...
Why do you have to spend
all your time together?
Can't they give you some space?
You're 27 and you're on
holiday with your girlfriend.
No. my girlfriend is on
holiday with my family.
We can't just do what we like.
Trust me. boats are fun. OK?
I'm going to take a shower.
Can you please
do my back. Daniel?
This is the life. eh chaps?
Howard. how come you don't
have one of these contraptions?
Because you haemorrhage
cash all year round.
They're also so bad
for the environment.
Since when do you give a shit
about the environment. Brigitte?
Ah. you found your bracelet.
I know. it's so crazy.
I thought I'd lost it in London.
but I must have left it here.
I'm just going to go
and look at the horizon.
Cherry. I'm going to go
and get the boards ready.
Yeah.
Gorge! Gorge.
Stop!
Stop trying to knock me off!
You're pretty
sea-sick. aren't you?
Yeah. I must be. I've not
really spent much time on boats.
Can I get you anything else?
-Cherry. are you coming?
-No. I'm OK.
They really do look
good together. don't they?
It's such a shame it
didn't work out with them.
There's still hope. I suppose.
Oooh. is that a
Hunza G? Is it new?
Uh. yeah. but I've
had it a while.
Do you know. they're
terribly expensive.
Come on. Cherry!
You have to be
in pretty strong shape
to get on one of those things.
It's harder than it looks.
Good God. darling.
are you all right?
Yeah. I'm just a bit
sea-sick. but I'll be fine.
You look awful.
Why don't you come
up and sit with us?
Uh. no. it's OK. I'll
see you in a bit.
Last to the shore
gets a round of sangrias!
Wait! Daniel!
Are you hiding
a wallet in that bikini?
Fucking prick.
Help! Help!
♪ It's my house
and I live here ♪
♪ There's a welcome
mat at the door...
What's Dad doing? He
should be up here.
Dad. come on.
Come on!
Get involved.
Enjoy yourself. go dance
with that beautiful woman!
Smile!
Right. guys. I'm going
to go and pick up Cherry.
I'll see you later.
You're going to play
nicely. aren't you?
I haven't decided.
Laura!
I don't know. Howard.
She punched someone!
I've never punched
anyone. have you?
And she did it...
like it was nothing.
Well. maybe the guy deserved it.
Look... We don't
know the situation.
We should give her the
benefit of the doubt.
Daniel's really looking
forward to this holiday.
We should make a real
effort to make it work.
Fine.
Look. she's probably
really nervous.
Shit!
Ah! Another bad review.
Don't read them.
I knew Riven wasn't right.
I should go with my gut.
Have there been any more sales?
I don't know. I've been
so out of the loop.
You should check in.
No. you know what?
Forget about it.
This was a blip. the
next one will be better.
Now relax and enjoy.
♪ You say you wanna
move in with me...
So. how's it all going?
It looks like it's
happy families.
-When did she arrive?
-This morning.
Daniel flew her business class.
-This morning?
-Mm-hm.
Yeah.
What?
Well. there was only one flight
offering business class today.
and that was the BA one
that Brigitte and I got.
-Are you sure?
-Positive.
And she was not on it. darling.
There's no way that we
wouldn't have seen her.
What...
Do you think maybe she
pocketed the rest of the money
that Daniel sent her?
Do you want me to do a
little bit of digging?
Yes. could you?
Listen. I'm on strict
instructions from Howard
to be on my best
behaviour with her.
Let's just see if we can't
push her buttons a little.
OK. but...
be subtle.
Subtlety is my middle name.
Oh. Cherry. darling.
we worked out that you were on the
same flight as Brigitte and me.
Wait. that's so weird. how
come we didn't bump into you?
I get
really travel sick.
Eye-mask and headphones go on
as soon as I'm on the plane.
-Right. I'm coming for you now.
-Let's go. see what you've got.
I'm being nice to you. I feel like
you've got a bit of a handicap.
-Are you OK?
-Eso no fue sin querer!
-Brig. you OK?
-Just take a breath. darling!
Ah! Alphonse's here!
-Alphonse. darling.
-Mum. calm down!
-It's so good to see you again.
-Alphonse!
-Hola.
-Hola. Alphonse.
It's so good to see you!
Daniel is so excited.
I just wanted to make sure that you got
the reminder about the Crema Catalana?
-'Cause you know it's his favourite.
-Laura. what do you take me for?
I never forget the
pretty boy's favourite.
Eight sharp? Don't make
me serve it cold. please.
Never. Of course not.
You mean I never
told you you were adopted?
Shut up!
-I thought I had...
-Oh. there you are!
Oh. shit.
Sorry. Mum. I totally
forgot that was tonight.
-Oh. it's my favourite.
-My God.
Daniel. you're
bleeding! What happened?
It's... it's just... I just hurt
myself. Fell off the bike. I'm fine!
Honestly. Laura. stop
fussing. it's just a graze. come on.
I mean. the man's about
to be a trauma surgeon.
This looks delicious.
♪ Hey. you ♪
♪ You're losing. you're
losing. you're losing ♪
♪ You're losing your vitamin C ♪
♪ Hey. you ♪
♪ You're losing. you're
losing. you're losing ♪
♪ You're losing your vitamin C ♪
♪ Your vitamin C...
Does Laura make you feel as if
she's the only one grieving in the family?
Yes. I
suppose she does.
I'm so sorry.
that's so unfair.
That must be so
difficult for you.
Jesus. Mum! What are you doing?
Mum! What are you doing?
So sorry. I'm sorry.
Oh. fuck!
Fuck!
Help!
-My God. are you all right?
-Please don't tell anyone I can't swim.
I'm so embarrassed.
I won't.
Guess you're ready to
get off this boat then?
Yes please.
Thank you for taking care of me.
Oh. of course.
And listen. I'm so
sorry about Daniel.
I raised that boy
better than that.
-Let's get a glass of wine.
-Yeah.
Hola!
I need to tell you something.
I wasn't on that BA flight.
I took a cheaper one and I spent
the rest of the money on clothes.
I was really nervous and
I wanted to look the part.
Listen. let's make a pact. OK?
No more lies.
-OK?
-Yeah. Yeah!
We got off on the wrong foot.
And I know sometimes I can be a
little over-protective of Daniel.
Sometimes.
-It's because I love him so much.
-I know.
Me too.
HELLO
DO YOU HAVE RABBIT?
YES. VERY GOOD ONES.
Ah. OK.
TWO PLEASE.
DO YOU LIKE THESE?
MAY I SMELL IT?
OF COURSE
THIS IS OFF.
NO NO SENORITA. THE
MEAT IS HUNG NOT OFF.
I KNOW WHAT 'HUNG'
MEAT SMELLS LIKE.
SHOW ME THE INSIDE.
See. the inside of it's
green. like old bacon.
GIVE US ANOTHER PLEASE.
Sí. perfecto. gracias.
That was incredible. how
did you know all that?
My mum's a butcher.
Aha!
Wow.
And you speak Spanish?
Yeah. I spent a few summers
in the Canary Islands
selling timeshares. so
I picked up quite a bit.
-Then you understood...
-You and Carlota slagging me off. yeah.
-I'm so sorry. Cherry.
-It's OK. it's fine.
But I promise I would never do
anything like that on purpose.
That's the last time I
pick up a tennis racket.
I'm a danger to everyone.
Oooh. look at this one!
That's really nice.
-Cute. right?
-Yeah.
-Come try it on.
-Laura!
Ah. it's
beautiful on you.
You have to have
this. it's my treat.
-Laura...
-No. I insist.
Laura. that's very generous...
Oh. they have my perfume.
Daniel loves this one.
Oh!
And one of these too. please.
€525 PLEASE.
Thank you so much. Laura.
My pleasure.
I've always wanted a
daughter I could shop for.
♪ Better watch your step ♪
♪ She's going to break
your heart in two ♪
♪ It's true ♪
♪ It's not hard to realise ♪
♪ Just look into her
false coloured eyes ♪
♪ She'll build you up
to just put you down ♪
♪ What a clown ♪
♪ 'Cause everybody knows...
Can I. uh. ask you a question?
Who was that man that I saw
you punch outside your work?
You saw that?
That is this horrible ex
of a colleague of mine.
He's been coming around
and harassing her.
I know I shouldn't have hit him.
I've never hit anyone before.
I'm really not a violent person.
Can I have a little
bit more as well. please?
Yeah.
There you both are!
I brought reinforcements.
You guys OK?
Daniel. I can't believe you
just left her like that.
Oh. shit. Cherry.
I'm. I'm so sorry.
I mean. seriously.
You get so weirdly competitive.
and then you become all selfish and
completely unaware of anyone else.
I agree.
Listen.
she is your guest.
You should not make
her feel left out.
You are totally
right. I am an arse.
I'll. I'll... try and do better.
-I love you.
OK. you can go now!
Have fun!
You guys really are
in love. aren't you?
Mm-hmm.
Oooh. that feeling!
I haven't felt that
in such a long time.
Since you met Howard?
Oh. there was someone else?
-There was.
-Who was he?
She.
Does that surprise you?
Yeah! You seem very straight.
We met at art school.
It was actually. it
was after Rose died.
And Howard and I were
struggling and...
she really... she
got me through it.
And she was somebody I could
be completely myself with.
I mean. I was going to
spend my life with her.
And then I found out I was
pregnant. and that was that.
So I chose my family.
Oh God. I shouldn't even
be talking about her.
Because Howard's still
very sensitive about it.
And he doesn't know
the half of it.
Don't worry. your
secret's safe with me.
And here I thought you
threw my cat out the window.
What are
you talking about?
I love you.
Morning.
-Good morning!
-How are you?
I had so much fun
with you last night.
-Me too.
-Morning. piss head.
Oh! Don't you dare talk
to your mum like that.
What's the plan for the day?
I've booked a wine tasting
tour at that local vineyard.
Not sure I can stomach
any more wine today.
Well. if you and Cherry
want to hang back.
you can have the house
all to yourselves.
That would be really nice
actually. are you sure?
Yeah. absolutely. The rest of
us. we leave in 20 minutes.
-I'm ready.
-Darling. get dressed.
we're going wine tasting.
-But I don't want to.
-Tough tits.
-OK. I won't be long.
-I'll make lunch.
Wow!
That's pretty amazing.
I genuinely don't think
I can drink right now.
You've got to start with the
red and then go on to the white.
-Possibly the rosé.
-Start with the red?
-That's so strong.
-You will feel better. darling.
Oh. this view!
Look at it.
Stunning. Brigitte. look at
the view. for goodness sake.
Oh my God!
Can you fucking believe this?
Watch. it's Millie and
Nicholas's wedding.
What are you guys looking at?
Someone pulled the most insane
prank at Millie's wedding.
The bride and
groom. Nicholas and Millie!
Apparently. they say it was the
groom's ex-girlfriend that did it.
What a psycho.
♪ Move bitch. get out the way ♪
♪ If you plan on heavy steppin'.
girl. you better chassé...
So you can swim.
This is your
ex-boyfriend. isn't it?
The man you punched. isn't it?
♪ Get the fuck out my way...
You know I'm going to have
to tell Daniel everything.
About all of it.
I thought we were
keeping secrets?
Is that a threat?
I want you to stay
away from my son.
Ah. my two favourite ladies!
Did you forget something. Mum?
Or did you just miss Cherry?
♪ Get the fuck out my home ♪
♪ Get the fuck out
my way. bitch ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-